Remove subscription plugin docs (#3236)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/subscriptions/mechanisms.adoc

[[subscription-mechanisms]]

> = Subscription Mechanisms

Reviewer: Could we use only "Mechanisms" as the title of the page or that would look to decontextualized?

Author: I felt it may be a bit confused as you say, but if you think otherwise I'm happy to change it

> There are different ways in how a GraphQL subscription may be set along with `@neo4j/graphql` server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different ways to how a GraphQL subscription may be set along with `@neo4j/graphql` server.
```

== Default

> The default behaviour is automatically set if the `subscriptions` feature is set to true, as described in xref::subscriptions/getting-started.adoc[Getting Started]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior is automatically set if the `subscriptions` feature is set to `true`, as described in xref::subscriptions/getting-started.adoc[Getting Started]:
```

```javascript
new Neo4jGraphQL({
    typeDefs,
    driver,
    features: {
        subscriptions: true
    },
});
```

> This behaviour enables a simple subscription system that will work on a single instance, which is ideal for development, testing, and servers that do not require horizontal scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior enables a simple subscription system that will work on a single instance, which is ideal for development, testing, and servers that do not require horizontal scaling.
```

[[amqp]]
== AMQP

> Using subscriptions on a server with multiple instances can be tricky, as described in xref::subscriptions/scaling.adoc[Scaling]. For this, the recommended approach is to use a PubSub system, which can be achieved with an AMQP broker such as link:https://www.rabbitmq.com/[RabbitMQ]. This is supported through the link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/@neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp[@neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp] package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using subscriptions on a server with multiple instances can be tricky, as described in xref::subscriptions/scaling.adoc[Horizontal Scaling]. 
Therefore, the recommended approach is to use a PubSub system, which can be achieved with an AMQP broker such as link:https://www.rabbitmq.com/[RabbitMQ]. 
This is supported by the link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/@neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp[@neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp] package.
```

> The `@neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp` plugin connects to message brokers through `AMQP 0-9-1` protocol to distribute subscription events across all server instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp` plugin connects to message brokers through the `AMQP 0-9-1` protocol to distribute subscription events across all server instances. 
```

Some brokers supporting this protocol are:

* link:https://www.rabbitmq.com/[RabbitMQ]
* link:https://qpid.apache.org/[Apache Qpid]
* link:https://activemq.apache.org/[Apache ActiveMQ]

> It can be installed with npm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin can be installed with `npm`:
```

```sh
npm install @neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp
```

NOTE: AMQP 1.0 is **not** supported by this plugin.

=== Usage

> The AMQP plugin should be instanced and passed to the `subscription` field in features, this will automatically enable the subscriptions with the AMQP broker as a message queue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AMQP plugin should be instanced and passed to the `subscription` field in features.
This will automatically enable the subscriptions with the AMQP broker as a message queue:
```

```javascript
const { Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsAMQPPlugin } = require("@neo4j/graphql-plugin-subscriptions-amqp");

const amqpSubscription = new Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsAMQPPlugin({
    connection: {
        hostname: "localhost",
        username: "guest",
        password: "guest",
    }
});

const neoSchema = new Neo4jGraphQL({
    typeDefs,
    driver,
    features: {
        subscriptions: amqpSubscription,
    },
});
```

=== API
The following options can be passed to the constructor:

> * **connection**: An AMQP uri as a string or a configuration object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **connection**: An AMQP uri as a string or a configuration object.
```

** **hostname**: Hostname to be used, defaults to `localhost`.
** **username**: defaults to `guest`.
** **password**: defaults to `guest`.
** **port**: Port of the AMQP broker, defaults to `5672`.
* **exchange**: The exchange to be used in the broker. Defaults to `neo4j.graphql.subscriptions.fx`.
* **version**: The AMQP version to be used. Currently only `0-9-1` is supported.

> Additionally, any option supported by link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/amqplib[amqplib] can be passed to `connection`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this line be under "Methods"?

Author: Mmm, not really. This refers to the `connection` property described above, maybe we could move it there to avoid confusion?

==== Methods

> * **close(): Promise<void>** Closes the connection and channel created and unbinds the event emitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **close(): Promise<void>**: Closes the connection and channel created, and unbinds the event emitter.
```

[[custom-subscription]]
== Custom Subscription Mechanism

> If none of the existing mechanisms is valid for your use case, you can create a new mechanism to connect to any broker you may need. To do this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of the existing mechanisms is valid for your use case, you can create a new mechanism to connect to any broker you may need. 
For that, you need to create a new class defining your messaging behavior and it must contain:
```

> you need to create a new class defining your messaging behaviour. This class needs to contain the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> * An `EventEmitter` property called `events` that should emit an event everytime the broker sends a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An `EventEmitter` property called `events` that should emit an event every time the broker sends a message.
```

* A `publish` method that will publish a new event to the broker.

> * Optionally, a `init` method returning a promise, that will be called on `getSchema`. This is useful for setting up the connection to a broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optionally, an `init` method returning a promise that will be called on `getSchema`. 
This is useful for setting up the connection to a broker.
```

> For instance, if we wanted to handle subscriptions using link:https://redis.io/[redis]:

Reviewer: In case you want to handle subscriptions using link:https://redis.io/[redis]:
```

```javascript

> // Note: This is an example of a custom subscription behaviour and not a production ready redis implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Note: This is an example of a custom subscription behavior and not a production ready redis implementation.
```

    constructor(redisClient) {
        this.client = redisClient;
        this.events = new EventEmitter();
    }

    // This method connects to Redis and sends messages to the eventEmitter when receiving events.
    async init(){
        await this.client.connect();
        this.subscriber = this.client.duplicate()
        this.publisher = this.client.duplicate();
        await this.subscriber.connect();
        await this.publisher.connect();

        await this.subscriber.subscribe("graphql-subscriptions", (message) => {
          const eventMeta = JSON.parse(message);
          this.events.emit(eventMeta.event, eventMeta); // Emits a new event when receiving a new message from redis
        });
    }

    async publish(eventMeta) {
        await this.publisher.publish("graphql-subscriptions", JSON.stringify(eventMeta)); // Sends a message to redis
    }
}

const client = createClient(); // From https://www.npmjs.com/package/redis
const redisSubscriptions = new CustomRedisSubscriptionMechanism(client)

const neoSchema = new Neo4jGraphQL({
    typeDefs,
    driver,
    features: {
        subscriptions: redisSubscriptions,
    },
});
```

> Note that extra properties and methods are often needed to handle the connection to the broker. As long as the messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that extra properties and methods are often needed to handle the connection to the broker.
As long as the messages are sent to the broker in the `publish` method and that these messages are received and then emitted through the `events` property, the subscriptions will be properly handled.
```

> are sent to the broker in the `publish` method and that these messages are received and then emitted through the `events` property, the subscriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> will be properly handled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=== Using Typescript

> If using Typescript, you may import the interface `Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsMechanism` to implement your own class, ensuring the API is correctly defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Typescript, you may import the interface `Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsMechanism` to implement your own class.
Ensure the API is correctly defined:
```

```typescript
class CustomRedisMechanism implements Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsMechanism {}
```

> === Note about event orders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
```

Events are sent to the class in order, however, order is not guaranteed once these events have been broadcasted through a broker.

> For cases when ordering is important, the subscriptions payload contains a field `timestamp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cases when ordering is important, you must set up the field `timestamp` in the subscriptions payload.
====
```
